Add more information about core team processes (#20720)
symfony/symfony-docs: contributing/core_team.rst

A pull request **can be merged** if:

> * It is a :ref:`unsubstantial change <core-team_peripheral-changes>`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is a :ref:`unsubstantial change <core-team_unsubstantial-changes>`;
```

  ``+1`` (if the submitter is part of the Mergers team, two *other* members)
  and no Core member voted ``-1`` (via GitHub reviews or as comments).

.. _core-team_minor-changes:

.. note::

    Minor changes comprise typos, DocBlock fixes, code standards

>     violations, and minor CSS, JavaScript and HTML modifications.

Author: This directive is moved up from the bottom of the document.
It's a bit unfortunate that we also call this 'minor changes' (conflicting the definition in `gh` documented below), but I can't think of a better name.

Reviewer 2: "supporting changes" ? 
"Peripheral changes" ?

>     violations, and minor CSS, JavaScript and HTML modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fixes, comment and exception message tweaks, and minor CSS, JavaScript and HTML modifications.
```

Getting the right category is important as it is used by automated tools to
generate the CHANGELOG files when releasing new versions.

.. tip::

>     Core team members are granted write-access to the main repository. To

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Core team members are part of the `mergers` group on the `symfony` Github organization, which give them write-access to many repositories, including the main `symfony/symfony` mono-repository.
    
     To
```

    avoid unintentional pushes to the main project (which in turn creates

>     new versions on Packagist), core team members are encouraged to have

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    new versions on Packagist), Core team members are encouraged to have
```

    two clones of the project locally:

>     #. A clone for your own contributions, which you use to push to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. A clone for their own contributions, which they use to push to their
```

       fork on GitHub. Clear out the push URL for the main repository using
       ``git remote set-url --push origin dev://null``;

>     #. A clone for merging, which you use in combination with ``gh`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. A clone for merging, which they use in combination with ``gh`` and
```

>        allows you to push to the main repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       allows them to push to the main repository.
```

Upmerging Version Branches
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To synchronise changes in all versions, version branches are regularly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To synchronize changes in all versions, version branches are regularly
```
?

> merged from oldest to latest, called 'upmerging'. This is a manual process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
merged from oldest to latest, called "upmerging". This is a manual process.
```

Although we talk about "single quotes" in code all the time, they are not quotes from a typography point of view.

There is no strict policy on when this occurs, but usually not more than
once a day and at least once before monthly releases.

Before starting the upmerge, Git must be configured to provide a merge
summary by running:

.. code-block:: terminal

>     $ git config --global merge.summary true

Reviewer 4: Given https://git-scm.com/docs/git-merge#Documentation/git-merge.txt---summary and https://git-scm.com/docs/merge-config, I think it must be `merge.stat` instead:
```suggestion
    $ git config --global merge.stat true
```

The upmerge should always be done on all maintained versions at the same
time. Refer to `the releases page`_ to find all actively maintained
versions (indicated by a green color).

> Start on the oldest version and make sure it's up to date with the upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process follows these steps:

* Start on the oldest version and make sure it's up to date with the upstream
```

> repository. Then, check-out the second oldest version, update from upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository;
* Check-out the second oldest version, update from upstream
```

and merge the previous version from the local branch:

.. code-block:: terminal

    # 'origin' is refered to as the main upstream project
    $ git fetch origin

    # update the local branches
    $ git checkout 6.4
    $ git reset --hard origin/6.4
    $ git checkout 7.2
    $ git reset --hard origin/7.2
    $ git checkout 7.3
    $ git reset --hard origin/7.3

    # upmerge 6.4 into 7.2
    $ git checkout 7.2
    $ git merge --no-ff 6.4
    # ... resolve conflicts
    $ git commit

    # upmerge 7.2 into 7.3
    $ git checkout 7.3
    $ git merge --no-ff 7.2
    # ... resolve conflicts
    $ git commit

    $ git push origin 7.3 7.2 6.4

.. warning::

    Upmerges must be explicit, i.e. no fast-forward merges.

.. tip::

    Solving merge conflicts can be challenging. You can always ping other

>     core team members to help you in the process (e.g. members that merged

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Core team members to help you in the process (e.g. members that merged
```

Getting the right category is important as it is used by automated tools to
generate the CHANGELOG files when releasing new versions.

.. tip::

    Core team members are part of the ``mergers`` group on the ``symfony``
    Github organization. This gives them write-access to many repositories,
    including the main ``symfony/symfony`` mono-repository.

    To avoid unintentional pushes to the main project (which in turn creates
    new versions on Packagist), Core team members are encouraged to have
    two clones of the project locally:

    #. A clone for their own contributions, which they use to push to their
       fork on GitHub. Clear out the push URL for the main repository using

>        ``git remote set-url --push origin dev://null``;

Reviewer 5: What's the process around this? On my side, I do have an origin: my fork.

Author: Both are supported as far as I know. I've always learned to use `origin` for the original repository and use my username for my fork (also easy if you work with multiple forks).

But many use `origin` and `upstream`, or `origin` and `symfony`.

Reviewer 5: Maybe reword this then to:
"Ensure this clone doesn't have *any* remotes that point to the official symfony repo. This will prevent any unwanted push there."
or something similar?

Reviewer 3: We still need a remote to be able to pull from the official repo. Only the push url must be removed.

Reviewer 5: Ah true! On my side, my process is: use `git@github.com` URLs when I need push access, and `https://github.com` ones when read-only. I have credentials setup only for git access. Dunno if that applies to others, just sharing :)

Author: I've clarified it a bit :)

    #. A clone for merging, which they use in combination with ``gh`` and
       allows them to push to the main repository.

Upmerging Version Branches
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To synchronize changes in all versions, version branches are regularly

> merged from oldest to latest, called 'upmerging'. This is a manual process.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
merged from oldest to latest, called "upmerging". This is a manual process.
```

There is no strict policy on when this occurs, but usually not more than
once a day and at least once before monthly releases.

Before starting the upmerge, Git must be configured to provide a merge
summary by running:

.. code-block:: terminal

>     $ git config --global merge.stat true

Reviewer 3: I would remove the `--global` here. It is perfectly fine to do that configuration only for the clone of the Symfony repo used for maintenance tasks in case you don't want to provide a merge summary in other repos you have on your machine

versions (indicated by a green color).

The process follows these steps:

#. Start on the oldest version and make sure it's up to date with the
   upstream repository;
#. Check-out the second oldest version, update from upstream and merge the
   previous version from the local branch;
#. Continue this process until you reached the latest version.

.. code-block:: terminal

    # 'origin' is refered to as the main upstream project
    $ git fetch origin

    # update the local branches
    $ git checkout 6.4
    $ git reset --hard origin/6.4
    $ git checkout 7.2
    $ git reset --hard origin/7.2
    $ git checkout 7.3
    $ git reset --hard origin/7.3

    # upmerge 6.4 into 7.2
    $ git checkout 7.2
    $ git merge --no-ff 6.4
    # ... resolve conflicts
    $ git commit

    # upmerge 7.2 into 7.3
    $ git checkout 7.3
    $ git merge --no-ff 7.2
    # ... resolve conflicts
    $ git commit

    $ git push origin 7.3 7.2 6.4

.. warning::

    Upmerges must be explicit, i.e. no fast-forward merges.

.. tip::

    Solving merge conflicts can be challenging. You can always ping other
    Core team members to help you in the process (e.g. members that merged

>     a specific conflicting change).

Reviewer 6: Having a look at the state of the CI build on just-pushed branches to spot any potential merge issue and fix them is recommended also

Getting the right category is important as it is used by automated tools to
generate the CHANGELOG files when releasing new versions.

.. tip::

    Core team members are part of the ``mergers`` group on the ``symfony``
    Github organization. This gives them write-access to many repositories,
    including the main ``symfony/symfony`` mono-repository.

    To avoid unintentional pushes to the main project (which in turn creates
    new versions on Packagist), Core team members are encouraged to have
    two clones of the project locally:

    #. A clone for their own contributions, which they use to push to their
       fork on GitHub. Clear out the push URL for the Symfony repository using
       ``git remote set-url --push origin dev://null`` (change ``origin``

>        to the Git remote poiting to the Symfony repository);

Reviewer 5: typo: pointing :)

Reviewer 7: FTR: fixed in #20917
